1. What is the goal of EDA (exploratory data analysis)?
A. The Goal of EDA is to explore the healthyness of the data,by identifying problems in the content and structure of the data and solving these problems and making sure if there is no other problems through data exploration and visualization techniques and that the data is ready for further predictive and analytic purposes.
2. Suppose that you are given a dataset of customer product reviews for an e-commerce company. Each review is scored as a Likert-style survey item where 1 indicates a negative sentiment about the product and a 5 is positive. These reviews are collected on the company's website. a. What problems do you expect to find in the raw data? b. If your task is to build features that give information about customer sentiments, how would you approach this task and what kind of methods would you apply to accomplish it? c. Try to identify some potentially useful features that you might derive from the raw data. How would you derive them and how would you assess the usefulness of those features?
A. 
  a.I would expect to find problems such as luck of understanding of the format of the dataset as weather it is in CSV,TEXT,XML or JSON formats and if in CSV format whether it is comma delimited or other characters delimited.I would also expect to find missing values of the key reviews column's data point.Wrong input such as double typing the text or typing Error might be another problem.So i expect the raw data to be in a messy format.
  b. In establishing the best feature of the dataset, in order to be able to give information about customer sentiments,The first approach would be identifying all the variables in the data that we would use to draw a meaningful analysis pertaining to sentiments.Then subset the data that we exclusively use for that purpose and explore and visualize the data again to have a clearer understanding about what information can we draw and if there is any drawback that we can fix and so forth.And then we implement the information harnassing technique to fullfil our main goal. 
  c.Some of the important and potentially useful features that i can draw from this row data include variables that are highly correlated to the sentiment scores provided by customers such as the key adjuctives in the text reviews to fill missing values,for instance if the text review is 'excellent product' for instance this helps to give a positive sentiment score of around 5 in the missing values and also there might be important other variables related to customer delivery satisfaction,may influence the review about the product.